Update README.md (#617)
onc-healthit/inferno-community: README.md

> [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/onc-healthit/inferno.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/onc-healthit/inferno)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Inferno Community Edition (Legacy)
```

> ## ⚠️ This repository has been retired. The tests provided by Inferno Community Edition have been migrated to the [Inferno Framework GitHub repository](https://github.com/inferno-framework).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## ⚠️ This repository has been archived. The tests provided by Inferno Community Edition have been migrated to the [Inferno Framework GitHub organization](https://github.com/inferno-framework).
```
